friendship is essential for the successful wellbeing of every person. it is based on the simple rules of trust and honesty. a true friend is a person you can always count on when you face challenges and serious problems. he or she always offers a shoulder to cry on in case something wrong happens. your soulmate always listens to your problems, gives you good piece of advice, and never talks behind your back. a true friend is never envious of your accomplishments and achievements. this person respects you and keeps all your secrets. you can always tell your trusted friend your flaws and be sure that your revelations are safe. a good friend is always loyal to you and never lets you down. being trustworthy is a very important factor in any friendship. a true friendship is a reward for all the good we do in our life. a true friend is there for you in the times of need, he makes you smile when you forgot how to, and lift you up when you cannot lift up yourself.
a true friend is one who never deserts you and is your inseparable companion in the time of happiness and sorrow. however, it is necessary to judge people correctly in order to make the right choice of a true friend. we should be very careful as there are a lot of people who can easily deceive others in order to gratify their self-interest and achieve their aims. this person should help you move on the right path. you should be patient and have a sense of tolerance to maintain a good friendship. there should be no suspicion and no disbelief in such kind of relationship.
true friends are worth more than all the treasures of the world.  friendship is doing your best to make your friend happy. friendship is forever, no matter what. it is the most wonderful relationship that every person can have if he or she is loyal, dependable, kind, caring, and loving. true friends try to avoid conflicts and do everything possible to make their relations stronger. some people can even make sacrifices and risk their lives for a friend.
a true friendship is something that cannot be expressed with words. friendship is being able to cry together. friendship is being foolish together. it is being mad at each other. true friends are always ready to protect each other from being hurt emotionally and physically. it takes time and patience to build a strong friendship and achieve trust between two soulmates. it is very important to have somebody with whom you can share your thoughts freely.
